we talked about we're going to take a break mm-hmm we're going to take a little holiday break are
we cool with this tax this was all in text and I couldn't tell if you like if you cried a little
no i'm pissed
i was just looking at linkedin because you're starting to post there is that why you said that
is that why you tweeted that i am a hundred percent serious i really want all of tech twitter
just to switch to posting on linkedin for a week i think it would like permanently change
the vibe of linkedin i just saw you replied yeah i i'm for it let's do it i you know i realized
like there's more people on linkedin that care about it to be us than twitter probably by a lot
like i don't know why i don't post anything there yeah it's like this annoying thing that's in the
back of my head where i should really be building some attention there yeah but it would be a lot
more fun if at least a bunch of us were there and it was kind of the same by this twitter hey we're
there we're doing it we're gonna be on linkedin i gotta go clean it all up i just went through and
like decline like a hundred something so their notifications are so meaningless i know the
notifications tab is just full of like some person posted a thing that's not a notification
you shouldn't send a notification for that i didn't ask get notifications for random people
posting things yeah it's that and then like they have like the connection concept and the
follower concept so i switched it to be follower by default which i think makes sense i gotta go
through and remove all my connections because i don't actually want to start over what did you
do did you like clean it up or did you just pick it up well i didn't know at some point i switched
over to the creative or whatever creator profile thing where you can have followers but i've never
touched the connections honestly i've never even looked at them i don't even know like i just go
through randomly and i look at people that ask to connect and i'm like yeah nah yeah it's like if
they're obviously a recruiter no if they're not sure why not yeah but that's that's my thing like i
had i've had different phases over there i haven't used linkedin and gears but before when i had it
i just had different logic with who i would accept and who i would decline that would change over
time yeah so now i just have i have like no idea what a connection means for myself i'm just gonna
delete everyone and start over i think if there's anyone meaningful that i remove like they'll find
a way to reach out again like you know it's not yeah i respect that but it's so hard for me to do
that it just feels like i'm slapping people in the face if i unfollow them on twitter or i linkedin
though come on i guess on linkedin who cares yeah i don't know it's hard but my problem with linkedin
is like why why do you have to wear like a polo shirt to be on linkedin like what is the deal
with the lack of authenticity and the like like people aren't this way the way they are in linkedin
that's not how people are or are they that way in person like i think to some degree or some people
just there's like this professional persona that we learn to be and they just become that way but
it's so fake i mean not like people are trying to be fake i'm not trying to slam individuals
but like if you really sit and think about how you act when you put on a quote unquote professional
whatever uh what are you doing right now just closing my door oh okay it sounded like you're
beating something like poor zuko what did you do like if you really if someone genuinely just
stopped and thought about how like their professional persona in their workplace or on linkedin
is not a reflection of them as a person like they are a different person at home than they are on
linkedin then i think they'd realize i'm not slamming them not saying they're a fake person it's just
like you're being fake on linkedin and you're being fake in your workplace on twitter i feel like
everybody's just themselves like you're literally just yourself the way you are in your home you're
not like putting on a mask to get on twitter yeah i love that about twitter but i don't understand
what it is about linkedin that can't have that and that's exactly why i want twitter to crash linkedin
because i think that's why i don't want to be there it's just this weird vibe and i think if a
bunch of people showed up and like you know acted differently yeah i think they would be more effective
i think that stuff would get a lot more eyeballs and attention and eventually that'll change
the vibe of at least our corner of linkedin so that's what you're hoping is to change linkedin
not just get some experience that we all go back to twitter better people no they opposite
okay i want it i want us to not change at all and then just show up on linkedin and change
and just change linkedin yeah that would be amazing actually i didn't even honestly know you had a
linkedin just seeing that you're i don't know how to find the thing i just you just did this everyone
hapture everyone has a linkedin just not everybody advertises it let me clean it up and then we'll
connect i'm already looking at it too late oh no this is awesome okay am i even connected to you
okay we are connected cool i just don't think about linkedin at all i'm gonna figure out how
to remove everyone and it's it's gonna be some stupid thing where to go could you leave me at
least well i have to understand like should we follow each other or should we connect like what's
the difference both probably i don't know that's for me confusing i feel like i shouldn't have had it
like a second adding going from one thing to two things means there's like what four combinations of
but you follow me and be connected you can be connected following each other you know very
complicated it started though i think linkedin started without the idea of following people it was
just connections yeah it was all connections yeah i remember i actually remember like over a decade
ago whenever we first got on linkedin i remember like people bragging about having 500 connections
on linkedin like that was the thing yeah do you remember this are you old enough to remember this
but it's a stupid system because a connection is mutual so it just means that it erodes any meaning
for you on linkedin to have a high number of connections yeah i guess so back then it was like
a sign of your importance you're connected you're a connected individual yeah but that also means
you're like if if you have 10,000 people connected to you that also means you're like following 10,000
people which just means your feed is just complete noise at that point yeah i guess so yeah i've never
thought about how linkedin has a feed that's hilarious so that's why i follow people is to
to see them on my feed huh i i guess like i just want to go in there and treat it exactly like
twitter and then not change anything yeah no we don't have to learn linkedin we're just gonna
yes okay let's do it it might be good i'm trying to think if i should like change my uh whatever
like because the big thing about the zebra work history on there i want to like maybe i should
make it funny oh yeah make it funny i i i don't know if i've looked at my uh at my profile there's
so many like like when i go to my profile there's like a million of those progress bars being like
which university do you tend add it in and it'll be at step six of seven you know it's just
it's just so like so deep in the in codification process yeah there's like a million things you
can dismiss oh wow i have used linkedin i'm open to work apparently i have a i have a recommendation
someone gave me from 2009 that's like oh man that's a long time ago my career that's
out for my career taken me way back wow oh i've got one oh i know i i i've given i've given one
recommendation to uh these two recruiters that i worked with oh i've given a couple in house recruiters
i'm a last company oh look at my skills software architecture elixir goling javascript erlang
cassandra graph databases this is awesome ui ux c sharp this is so outdated react database design
all 15 skills well you have 15 skills tax i don't know if you do this oh yeah no more no less
you're 15 of them okay i have a story the being on linkedin here i just saw something because
there is a feed on linkedin which i i totally did not realize that right if i realized that i've
never looked at it uh scrolling down my feed i see wesley fockner do you know wesley no idea any
chance for today ws okay uh story time about wesley fockner i remember now uh drunk on a hotel
rooftop in inlanta at render i'm wearing the render shirt today and look at this i remember
seeing wesley and saying we have to connect on twitter uh or somewhere and he didn't have a twitter
he's on linkedin so we're connecting on linkedin and i had forgotten about wesley but here's the
story uh the first conference i ever go to was that render in inlanta i was i was too too far gone
i drank too many alcoholic beverages and i was very like disoriented no no no no that was not
the first conference the first conference was it was you it reinvent reinvent yes okay so flashback
six months or whatever it was uh at reinvent i came out of we went to something the wax museum
thing we went to that right yeah yeah i don't even know if i had drank that night but i was just so
exhausted it was like day whatever too many of seven and just like walking around vegas
for that whole week like we're just i was just beat and it was like a late night again and i'm
walking out of that thing i left that thing early because i was just so tired i just had to go back
to my room and just like sleep and walking out of the the the thing i'm telling a very long winded
story uh walking out of the uh was placed the wax museum right he is standing outside the door
and i never met wesley didn't know him but i recognized his face i think he used to be on twitter uh but i
he worked at a bs still worked at a bs sorry i recognized him i was like i know you from somewhere
and he was like i don't know you from anyway so we struck up a conversation i just told him like
this is my first reinvent i'm exhausted i think i'm just going to go back to my room and he had been
to like a lot of reinvents and he's like yeah it's a lot you need to just pace yourselves at these
tech conferences it's like oh it's my first tech conference well it's nice meeting you and i went
to my room and i went to bed uh next tech conference i got to is render in atlanta uh like six months
later and as i said had too much to drink i'm on the rooftop bar there's like a party thing after
one of the nights at render and i go to the bathroom and i come out and guess who i run into
Wesley Faulkner two conferences two appearances i decided at that point he's my guardian angel
he's just showing up whenever i need to be like put to bed
and like telling me to slow down and go go home at him uh no so i have conversation with him this
i'm pretty drunk so it was a little like i was probably way too much i was just like oh my god
Wesley i remember you from tech the reinvent thing and i had never like whatever i had never
met you and now i've seen you at both tech conferences i've been to so flash forward
to uh last month when i went to twitchcon in vegas guess who was at twitchcon are you serious
wesley Faulkner for his first time he never known to twitchcon he went just because he wanted to like
see what it was all about he works at amazon you know i check out this twitch thing i bumped into
him the first day and it was at primes panel it was just like i'm really convinced he's not a real
person he's not really following me somehow around he's not real he's an angel or something and the
fact that he's on linkedin doesn't really help either because i don't think anyone right in
is a real person none of the people on linkedin are real yes sorry that was a really long story to
kick off you just you just started the stream on twitter and i just went on this giant story telling
adventure sorry about that but you said he didn't have twitter so you followed him on linkedin or
you connected on linkedin yes that's how we yeah so we're connect on linkedin uh linkedin is good
everybody i don't know all that to say linkedin place to find angels and heroes and everything
absolutely heroes uh that that uh weird vc event i went to a few weeks ago i saw someone like two
people met or like we were in a group and someone was like oh let me get your contact info and they
pulled out their linkedin app and they had like a linkedin qr code and they like scanned it and
i was like wow wow what is this world i was like i was like i hope nobody asked me to do that because
i have to be like i don't have linkedin and they probably give me a little bit weird like what do
you mean you're not linkedin like how do you get anything done in this world uh but yeah like in
that world it's just all done through linkedin so yeah they went from business cards printed in
their pocket to linkedin qr codes did you ever have a business card someone gave me a business card
at that meeting and i was like wow when people still care around i mean like if you ever had one with
with dax on it like i think i yeah i think i did yeah i did i'm not judging i don't think i ever
used it no no i'm not like hesitant i'm just like trying to remember yeah i think i did i'd like to
so a company that acquired my first company i remember they printed up business cards and i had
a bunch and i don't remember ever carrying them around or ever giving out a single one yeah yeah
no so we we had them it sent me is like when we were like five people yeah which is funny now
looking back and i don't know if i ever gained anybody i know i had some i had like a little box
of them yeah it's just a fun relic from the past it's like now we all kind of know like what i don't
know i guess it's maybe it's not a relic maybe people still pass them around i don't know i guess
that i just i got one the other day but the thing i don't get is like i don't know why he gave it to me
he should just let me take a picture of it because now he's got to like restock the one i took and
also i don't remember where i put it i think it's like in my pocket somewhere and it might have went
through the laundry so it's just it's just not i lose yeah any physical piece of paper is just
toast there's no way i'm keeping that thing it's going to end up in the trash the iPhones have like
that nfc thing now where you can like put them together and then you can get contact info oh but
i don't necessarily want like share it i don't want every random person i need to be in my
contact book i guess oh that's another topic have you looked at your contact list lately i've
cleaned mine up i've cleaned mine up and it's in a great spot okay i've had that to do for like 10
years yeah like since my first iPhone i've had a concept yeah it's i've never cleaned it up and
sometimes i end up in it like when i'm trying to i don't know just trying to call somebody and you
don't go to the recents you just like start scrolling and you see some names in there they're like oh
wow that's a that's a child just like some random person from high school yeah exactly what are
they doing in here like what would happen if you hit that number your whole life could change oh it's
true they probably don't have the same number at this point right i don't know how numbers aren't
exactly like permalinks feel like i've had a lot of my friends have had the same phone number forever
i've had a ton really if you're in tech you just like rotate phone numbers because you like don't
fear that switch you like do it more yeah i like that it for stupid reasons a bunch of times but yeah
my friends have had the same phone numbers since they were let's have got the first one i kind of
like the reset to be honest sometimes it's like doing backups from your phone like when you get
a new phone sometimes i just don't i'm like now i start over yeah yeah it's nice my my bank you
use mercury right i use mercury yeah and i use bricks for my other one oh right rags you actually
have a startup uh when i was on bricks they like they booted me cycled all our cards yeah i got
boo different bricks that was the whole thing but then mercury i think this is the second time
they've cycled my debit cards yeah the debit card but i don't use a debit card at all oh really
what did i use i use their credit card i use their uh no because mercury has
their credit card they have a credit card how do i not know this okay the only reason i use it is
because i don't have to have like a separate credit card it's nice just have it all integrated
in one place yeah i know i'd rather just have it all in one place yep i totally hear you but the
annoying thing is you have to keep 50k in that bank account and like i only want to keep like 25k
in there so it's it's like a little bit a little a little annoying yeah that's a big buffer for
what i do intro how do you know they had them it's not like an amazing what it's two percent cashback
but whatever that's like pretty much roughly the same as what you get is it called a merchant card
their standard card no it's called i/o it's like mercury i/o like it's a different thing okay i'm
gonna look into this maybe more if i did maybe not what i was gonna say the reason we got on this
track uh they just cycled my debit card everything was set up with that debit card and it's kind of
nice it's like a resetting of all your sass subscriptions and stuff no this doesn't happen anymore
what have you not seen what's been happening lately no so i am a prolific loser of credit cards like
i will lose my credit card several times a year and before when i would get a new number
so this is my personal credit card so amx not the mercury one yeah i would have to go and update
everything and it was a little annoying but it was fine because it was a reset right now i don't
have to update anything because it just updates automatically every single place yep are you serious
they just call get my new card which is so annoying because it's how do they do that i think it's because
they've all integrated with something like stripe and then stripe does that because there is some
like protocol for like uh credit card carriers to push okay numbers okay so maybe just not with
debit cards yeah maybe you can't escape you can't escape uh yeah it might be it might be mine were
all like i was just noticing all my payments were failing like what's going on oh they changed my
debit card yeah but if you have like any of those like fancier credit cards like amax or chase or
buy even like the apple card yeah it's it just updates it works very nice so i do have an apple
card i don't think i don't think i have any other credit cards anymore i used to have like the
travel cards and do all the like nerd wallet stuff where like we put everything on it and we got the
points and starwood preferred and blah blah blah i used to do all that and then eventually we were
just like you know it sucks not knowing how much we spent this month until like we paid a credit card
maybe we should just use our debit card and then we did it sucks having to put a pin in but it's
kind of nice like wait hey i don't understand why you have that problem what do you mean you don't
know how much you spent to under the month because there's no good personal finance tools tax you
need to go oh no i mean it was just like you have like two different things you have your balance
like in your checking account but then you have like a credit card balance so it's like if you're
not looking at both you don't really know i don't know it was just like this delay among i think
we went to the other extreme we only use our credit card so that's what we did so just to get
maximized the points or whatever we paid the balance every month but we only used a credit card for
everything and then eventually we did like the amex platinum and all that i mean we were just like
doing the whole thing and then eventually we just got tired of like the like we weren't spending
money we were like building a number up and then paying and then spending money on that number
it just felt weird there's like a delay so here's my setup the thing with the other thing i like with
the mercury so my business account is a mercury bank account that effectively is is like my
whole bank account it's like the only one that i really have uh that has that credit card but that
credit card gets paid every day oh it pays it every day so like it's it's just like moving between
two internal numbers in mercury so it's not like yeah right it did you can set it to pay out every
day so yeah just all the all the business charges go there um then we we still have our amex we
enlist each have i have one like everything else goes on there and that does get paid out once
uh once a month we actually do use some of a good amount of the benefits of uh of the amex
platinum but i don't like optimizing the points or anything i feel like it's a lot of work yeah
and just like a general cashback thing is like almost the same yeah no i'd prefer just the cashback
thing i think we are starting to travel again and it looks like we're only going to travel more and
more because kc like travels revival stuff i'm traveling for just do stuff that sounds so dumb
it's not dumb uh embracing it out loud i'm embracing it i'm a traveling white belt okay
listen i want to get the competition experience now so that at bluebell every time you say that
that you're gonna say i'm a traveling white man like i forget that it's white belt i mean i am that too
both things can be true uh yeah no we're like booking travel a lot and it just feels like we're
probably leaving a lot of travel whatever miles on the table or whatever but i don't know i don't
lose sleep over it it's just hard yeah i don't think it's that much more compared to just i mean
yeah a debit card you're not getting any back so but i did it right it's been a cashback card and
like doing the travel point optimization i don't know if there's enough of a difference for me to
care that said we do spend all of our points from a max on travel that's like the only thing we
spent it on yeah i do remember getting some free flights like spinning points or miles or whatever
and it was like this is nice we did it yeah we saved up enough this is like a very linked
in topic i feel like talking about credit card maxing travel points credit yeah i forgot i was
looking at your linkedin uh let's see did i ever tell you this scheme we had going with the massive
amount of index points we were accruing at one of my previous companies i've heard of this kind of
thing not from you i don't think or maybe i did but go ahead okay so here's a here's a really funny
setup so i worked at a company that facilitated transportation for much bigger companies so
they would spend like a hundred thousand dollars a month through uber through us uh but it was a
funny setup where we actually would pay uber first and the company would pay the balance plus
markup like once a month there was like some kind of yep working capital window but uber accepted
this payment through a max and i don't understand why they did that so we were a tiny like four or
five person company and we were spending in amax as much as like a thousand person company and
literally we had like amax assigned an account manager to manager to us to like schmooze us and
stuff and give us like free mix tickets and all this stuff and he was like so happy with us because
our spend was just growing up without him having to do any of the usual stuff and uh we were literally
baking so much that we could fly like one person could fly around trip to like japan every single
day like that's how much i make points we were getting and we just turned that into like an employee
benefit yeah yeah no kidding though it was really uber that was fronting that because uber was
paying their amax fee to accept it oh right it's the amax fee so that that fee that three percent they
have to pay or whatever what is it is high amax like high plus right yeah i mean do you remember
when like people didn't accept amax like i don't know because it was 15 years ago it was like really
common but uh i was just so used to people when i'd pull up my amax platinum it's like oh i'm used to
it you don't accept it that's fine yeah but now it seems like everybody just eats it which is great
i guess yeah i mean i i don't know if the cost went down or whatever but yeah uber was eating whatever
uber was paying back to amax amax was basically giving us a cut of that yeah that was like this
funny little scheme and to be honest i think if we like really focus on not growing the team we
might have been able to fund like our whole business like our whole business could just been like this
can you turn that into cash is there a way that could be this cash and that's like the least
efficient but but that's a lot of cash like at a certain scale it's yeah it's it's enough
um i'm just thinking of all the business opportunities now how can i weave open ais
announcements into this okay create an amazing startup with travel points arbitrage and gpt i don't
know it's got to be something do you just feel like stress when all these announcements and open
AI i have this like existential bread not like we're gonna lose our jobs just like i should be
using it i am a developer i definitely i get what you're talking about for sure it's like i kind
of feel that but then i another part of me is like i think i'm just in a different phase of my career
where like that's not the type of opportunity that makes sense for me i think it's for someone
that's earlier on and they can like really get ahead if they catch something early and it's just
like yeah i don't know it's it's a it's a weird feeling i want to see more yeah i think like
i have decided at this point i do not want to build another software company like
still in the middle of the first one no desire to like be an indie hacker and build like a
b2b thing or something i don't know i'm not doing that like there's a lot of avenues our careers
could go and that's just one i've kind of blocked off i think like my problem with all of the people
that are jumping in and building things is it's way too many people building a thing they can build
in two days because open AI made this new API i was like yeah a million people can build that in two
days but where are the like existing apps just getting amazing functionality now because this
stuff's available feel like yeah like established companies that have really cool products and not
like the big big ones obviously we've seen a lot of stuff good AI integrated but like the like
middle sized companies and applications their thing can just get so much better now if they found the
right way the creative ways to leverage this stuff right yeah i think it just takes time uh yeah i
think that's kind of what i was talking about too like i don't think jumping if the if a new announcement
from open AI like enables some like one week or one month project that's like not interesting to me
because i'm like i don't even know that's gonna make sense and like it should have made the idea
should have made sense even before the new open AI feature came out and that's yeah i agree that's
like where i see most of this stuff i i don't know it's it's hard to think about good way to integrate
this stuff i'm sure it'll happen but yeah i even like as a user i'm not really using
AI outside of chat gbt in any product at all yeah no same i just i think i told you i just got
excited about bedrock as like a way to cost effectively within my own AWS account do some
things with llms if i so chose and then i don't know the opening i stuff does make it feel like
they've got such a lead just like being able to do the image to and from like you can send images
yeah i know it's like they have a stuff that needs to get like way way way better i try to do bedrock
and function i was like this is a lot worse like meaningfully worse yeah well clod 2 that's on is
that on bedrock clod 2 did you tell me that was good yeah it's good and that's on bedrock yeah no
that's definitely the best option i think but because i heard i heard somebody say like gpt4
and clod2 are the only llms that really matter right now yes i agree all the others are so far
all the ones are just like noise yeah but even then i don't know it is it is i i think at the end of
the day i just don't have many many good ideas that are like for that's a critical part that said
this new open AI the context window increasing like we can shove our whole podcast transcript in there
mmm i saw rocks tweet that yeah what would we do he said that and he's like i'm gonna build so
many things and i couldn't think of the single thing is my brain just so slow you just set a line and
it was like how i feel at the end of the day i just don't have many ideas out of the out of context
completely that is how i feel i just don't have a lot of ideas i just don't have many ideas i'm
sure there's cool things what yeah what would you do so you stick the whole podcast transcript i
wouldn't do anything but i think some like riverside could probably do something uh probably
like or you know the thing we wanted to do where we like automatically generate clips like that's
another way to do that yeah so clip generation i feel like that should get better because if you
have the whole episode in context then you can really determine what are the best parts i wonder
how they're doing it today if the context is not large enough to fit the whole episode like
how do you really know what the best parts of the podcast were if you can't see the whole podcast
at once yeah and you could have fit it and clawed this whole time so i don't know maybe if they were
oh really something different but yeah so yeah that's like the only place where i'm like okay
there i have a problem and i can see this kind of helping with that problem yeah but in general
yeah not a ton of ideas i mean some of those personal finance stuff i definitely want to
integrate in because i guess that i think that problem is you have to like be you have to be
disciplined enough not to force it and i think a lot of the places especially even in the big companies
it feels a little forced because it feels like they need to make sure they have they can say
they have it in there to like deter people from thinking oh they're not doing it in the space
like the Shopify was a great example like they they put AI in there and it looks cool there's
some cool demos but i'm like this just feels like they only did it so they can say they did it and
i'm sure they'll continue to improve it but is it making a difference for anyone like is it on
the consumer side like if you're on a store that's part of our shop how you'll see this or no no no
it's more for your like operation stuff but like writing your product descriptions and stuff maybe
no i think it was more around like business questions like i don't know it gets to the demos
are interesting but the question i always have is with all these demos there's always a user
that has a question that needs to be answered and the demo is them typing in the question and getting
the answer from the AI and i always wonder like that's very cool but is that the best way
for that user to have asked and answered that kind of answer that question and i think for some
things yeah but i don't think we have a good handle on on that on that really like i mean even for
those personal finance thing like i you can imagine someone being like oh i want to know how much i
spent on over last month and that could be like a natural language query but is that the best way
or is just like a ui grouping like common services that you can just scroll through is that like
just a better experience yeah you know there's a more discovery in that one versus you having
to come up with exactly what you want this is a question we asked for a long time at samus
like i mean we've been doing NLP stuff for 10 years now and it was it was always like we could
build this feature and there's like wait a minute i think that's a feature where like a drop down
is just better than like it's not actually a thing you're gaining by being able to ask a question
for that so there are definitely things like that yeah like sometimes you need to guide the person
in building the query where you need some kind of a structured UI like a drop down so you know
what the options are that you can pick from versus just a blank text box so yeah it's like how many
things is a blank text box the best input and i don't know like i'm still waiting to see someone
do it so well where i'm like oh that's how we should all be doing it or like yeah they figured it out
we're all we're still in the fart app era as jay likes to say i've already seen a lot more of the uh
just since yesterday with this all these announcements a lot more of the utopia is coming takes like
oh my god again people worried about money when we're all about to have everything for free like
what i guess just gonna snap our fingers and ai's gonna change the world we're all going to just
sit around and watch it do our bidding yeah i don't i know that just keeps coming up and
there's like a so much fear around that but i i have no idea it's just like we talked about
for just so far removed from anything that i'm seeing in front of me uh it'll be funny if we're
wrong and that does happen we're like wow no right it turns out that was it i mean it'd be
great we'll have all the time the world to talk about it because we don't have to do anything
we'll all just have income from the ai yeah it was like debating what the right like the moral use of
your free time is i think we're a little ahead of ourselves arguments around like that's not a
good way to spend your free team on it i don't think we're cynical like i think it's just different
time horizons like sure maybe like on some time horizon humanity figures it all out and we live
in an era of abundance and there's not so much scarcity maybe i hope so that'd be great but also
like i don't remember is there ever been a technology that came along like a transformative
technology and then like suddenly people worked less like yeah it can't happen until you're
you until the last one until the last one there's always work to build the last one is using there
is the last one yeah it's the hypothetically like uh a tongue and cheek no i don't think hypothetically
like i don't even know what the last one could i guess the last one would be the one that can
discover the rest on its own which i guess is mmm ai uh yeah until that's like there's always
going to be no matter work do you ever think about how there is so much diversity of life
on our stupid little planet like australia koalas kangaroos like how different just across
our little planet life has evolved into these very weird shapes and sizes and different things
and then you think about the size of the universe and you think like what could be out there
you know what i mean like even on earth it's like it's crazy that life just finds like every
simple crevice of earth there's like some form of life yeah something has crawled in there and
like figured out how to live and every little crack uh it's like it is like a it really feels
like an infestation you know i just i don't know the ai thing i just think about like is that the
natural path that life takes it gets so smart it creates like artificial things that gets
so smart that they create i don't know and then i started thinking like we've talked about this
before where like it could just be unique to earth that evolving means getting smarter
it's not necessarily the case on all planets oh right right evolving could mean i mean at one
point on earth evolving meant getting bigger and with bigger teeth and yeah like scalier and scarier
and if that's just a direction permanently like yeah you you would never event ai
yeah right this went this went into some weird places i should note we talked about we're going
to take a break mmm that was out of nowhere sorry mmm i don't know why i dropped that in the middle
of the podcast but we're gonna take a little holiday break yes are we cool with this text this
was all in text and i couldn't tell if you like if you know i kissed if no i'm down for it yeah break
till next year so this is going to be our last recording yeah i just want to make sure we don't
lose it you know oh because you're afraid i'll just stop doing a thing you're afraid i'll stop
doing something because like i'll just do something really really harder than not do it again why would
i do that now i i had the same mind i've done it as well so yeah yeah no it's easy once something's
kind of like shelved to like never take it off the shelf uh we won't we have to get to a hundred
there's just there's no way if we had already gotten to a hundred there would be a real flight
risk here but it's in reality you in your arbitrary goals again like it's just like it's it's never
like a small goal it's always like a big goal but then somehow you just stop it just makes no sense
it's like you know it's like imagine someone working their whole life to get into the nba
and they finally get into the nba and then they just they're like oh this is good enough for me i'm done you know i'm done and they
retire immediately that would be yeah that would be extreme but i guess i've been things that are
similarly yeah that's like i took your your concept it's my thing yeah i'm a printer that i didn't
explain the break so we've got holiday travel i've got holiday travel i don't know you don't travel
anymore i forgot but like would have been out next week anyway and then it's like december is just
like one big christmas tree yes and like it's just like it's like a whole holiday month and honestly
for me it's like i've felt so much anxiety over not recording the podcast not publishing not putting
it out there like we've got chris who helps so much it's just the like i'm not doing any of the thing
like the the little clips anymore i did that for like a couple weeks stuff when you do to grow it yeah
and that like grows it that obviously when you start doing that like you just you're getting
yourself out there in front of more people that can resonate that you know more people also that
are like those guys are idiots i don't want to listen to them but you get more people that are
like i would like to listen to them and you just kind of have to do that you just have to like
it's just the the content hamster wheel of like get your little selves out there and
not doing it gives me a lot of anxiety but also just don't really have the energy to do it i don't
know why like i have the energy to do a lot of things i don't know why that just sucked my soul
enough that i haven't done it so it's like i need a little pause i think the holidays are a nice
little reset and then yeah new year get back on that and find a sustainable rate of doing it i did
wait too many i was doing like 10 clips for every episode it was just intense that's the thing i do
yeah just a little just a little just like a couple for each episode you know and we can start
posting on linkedin we can post them on linkedin i'm going to spend this holiday break on linkedin
if you'd like to hang out with me uh i've already connected with aj's on linkedin i just forget
all these same people we hang out with twitter on twitter are they're on linkedin not all of them
just there's like three of them on linkedin but i mean just because they have a linkedin account
this is pretty sure they're all on linkedin i just they just don't tweet about it really hey i
hate that that's the stupid little art style that linkedin has like with all their illustrations
what where just like those like color just whenever i mean i don't know if you can see any but whenever
there's like there's an illustration style on linkedin for whenever they do an illustration of
something oh like linkedin themselves yeah yeah or people oh i see oh yeah i see one right now and
so it just reminds me of like just generic like 2015 landing badge that enterprise it's also just
like what if if we all get on there it'll be fun if we don't the few of the vests that do it like
you're just throwing yourselves to the wolves it's just constant like to spam from these recruiters
it's like the whole purpose of linkedin is just to get you in front of recruiters i feel like
or is that just the software that the messaging the like my message tab has like a million messages
from people oh look a message from kdc you're part of an exclusive group of new experts wow man
how exciting look at you we're bringing together top experts to share their knowledge
wow yeah it's just hard to know what's real on linkedin nothing's not these people
yeah messaging tab it's just all ads it's all ads from random people yeah it really is
whoa someone's looking for an elixir engineer
hey hey you know elixir uh-huh right don't you oh look now there is a recruiter selling me
recruiting services mmm yeah like he will recruit for you on your behalf yeah
again i see stuff from bank of america for some reason why why why seven connections follow bank
of america why would you follow bank america why would yeah why would you follow bank america
i'm they have hashtags people use hashtags on linkedin that's actually a thing hashtag i really do top
free hashtag ai courses i actually see a piece of content that i like i just scrolled along enough
to to see something i like it's a chart from from uh cost and usage in AWS and i've been
staring at those a lot lately so it grew up my attention and the content is good
it's good content there might be really good AWS stuff on yes i think it's like twitter you have
to put in work secure at your feet i understand what type of bad stuff can happen and once you
get that then you probably have a good situation yeah it's just good i'm excited i'm gonna post on
linkedin probably about as much as i do on twitter i'm gonna put capitals in my linkedin posts i
don't know if you noticed this uh i won't be all lowercase on linkedin so i'm putting on my fake
my fake self capital you're already not being treated wearing my mask i know i'm just gonna ignore
your uh reply i hearted the other two i'm just gonna ignore yours completely someone like mine
yeah i'm just gonna troll every single one of your posts i'm just telling you now that's
one reason i got on that sounds fun that sounds fun i feel like aga probably strikes right balance
on linkedin so like he's got a nice he might be the same person on both yeah i think so we're gonna
we're gonna see i am gonna like a professional oh my god but not annoying professional vibe
what were you saying i followed him and i asked if i wanted to turn on post notifications oh look
he has a link on his profile ask me about your cold starts
that's awesome he really is the cold star guy isn't he he just he does all the work that everyone's
way too lazy to do i feel like he's really good at doing the work and everybody else is like i
wish somebody would do that work and he does the work he does the work and then i just take credit
for it this is mine i love that folks from j oh man i do we have the most toxic work culture
i think we might you probably do you guys troll each other really hard on twitter
but it seemed good fun so is it really toxic i'm out there trying to like you know talking
about the thing that i worked on and like the exciting direction we're going in jay just like
look at his idiot you guys understand social media so i don't think you're toxic i think you
want to be perceived as toxic i'm sorry you're not the sunday war the the meetings on sunday that's
a little i don't know maybe a little toxic i love it you just parked up you just got excited i just
love everyone hates it uh dare you have meaning us what is the deal with weekends can i be honest i
hate weekends not that i hate taking them off and being with my family i love that part i hate like
that the world stops it's like i get so excited on monday that like okay finally a business day
things can start happening again there's things that need to happen but like what do you mean the
world stops let's stop just like all the things that are in progress if you got people working for
you on stuff you're excited for them to keep working on that stuff because you want to see
the progress there's no better feeling than like there's a thing being done right now
by someone else and i'm excited for the outcome i love that feeling i just love hiring people to do
stuff and i love like when they finally surface something it's like oh it's so good yeah you're
right that is great that is that is great but it stops on the weekends because everybody goes to
their family barbecues and whatever and then like i don't know you got stuff shipping you got stuff
coming to you can't get it on the week i guess that's changed stuff delivers on the weekend that's
changed a lot yeah people yeah i know i guess different areas because my friend just moved to
portland main and everything shuts super early and like stuff just is not open on the weekend and
i'm like damn that is annoying if i had to like i was nice for them people who work but not so nice
for everybody that lives but like it's it's just like i think it's just a decision like he was
just grabbing it's funny because it's not like everywhere else they're forcing everyone to work
seven days a week they're just staying open and having additional employees that overlap shifts
on the weekend i'm assuming their day off their day off is on different days yeah on like he's there
whatever he was like he's like he was like he was like oh Alan he lives in portland main sorry you
just moved from new york yeah like uh the beginning of the summer yeah he's like is there some kind of
agreement between all like the stores being like nobody violate this treaty and open on saturday
because a moment one one of you does it we all have to do it but like there is a crazy incentive
to be the first one to do that but they haven't but somehow no one's knowing it's like wow there's
like a social contract it's interesting when like a town can do something like that when they can
kind of set themselves apart and be like kind of it's progressive in a way like we're gonna push
back on the the pace of society and like the american defacto like go as hard as you can
it's nice when you said portland main my brain went why did you say the state i know where portland
is and i was like oh yeah there's two points yeah that's why that's why you said it always got
a clarify that's great for them but someone like me won't move there and that's fine they don't want
so i know well yeah i mean i couldn't i couldn't do it but what's what's Alan's does he know people
in main is that is he from there originally uh so his family it's his weird quince so his family
used to spend a lot of summers in main like they had a house there and he grew up in san francisco
maybe spend a bunch of summers there and then his uh fiancee is from main so her family's there oh
but they back in new york like that was just a go random quince and it's the main thing so they're
gonna they're living there for they're getting married next summer and they're gonna live there
get married there and then grab where they're gonna go that's awesome but yeah it seems nice
like portland main seems very cool very nice oh he's in the sun yeah no i've heard good things
i've i've always wanted to visit like that area of the country i'm gonna have been to like boston
and we drove down the coast of canadicate but i've never been like further towards me yeah i've
been to main before i went whale watching when i was a kid in main and we were getting really sick
on the boat i did see some whales though is that like a winter thing only in main probably i have no
idea i think i was kind of wild coming back yeah okay i just i have more questions but i'm not gonna
ask what kind of whales it doesn't matter never i think they were humpback whales probably hump
back is what i was thinking yeah okay you know we used to see whales in the hudson too every once
in a while what for real yeah like right next to manhattan yeah how about that learn something new
every day whales they get everywhere so i'm really hungry i'm really like i want to eat so
bad and it's so hard to not be distracted every thought when you're hungry every thought is just
like oh whales in the hudson man i could use some food man i could eat a whale it's like it's like a
it's just at the end of everything i think it's like i want to eat i have to cut i have to lose
six more five more pounds in less than two weeks i think i can do it otherwise your wife will leave
you no no i'm committed to a weight class that i am not in but i'm gonna get there and i don't know
if i can i don't know if i can actually lose that much i'm gonna have to like do the dehydrate thing
so you're eating less and like doing much of cardio is all you're doing yeah i wear a weight vest around
the house and i'm just doing pull-ups and push-ups and squats and running up my stairs constantly would
you tell siri to stop it try and talk about it you know what siri just said siri just went virtual
assistance don't eat like i thought i was asking thank you for that color commentary what is this
going to get replaced in lm when is siri google home all that's seriously is the worst it's been and i
think about that era like the alexa google assistant siri i mean siri was the first right of the major
voice assistant so i don't remember they're all so bad now compared to like if you use the open AI
the chat gpt voice thing yeah it's so crazy it feels so crazy talking to that thing yeah
yeah i use my google home a lot so i wanted to be replacing the lm asap yeah same i bet google
they'll do that right they'll be there i'm not sure about alexa's always been the one thing
i'll say about open AI and about chat gpt and just probably the current generation of lm's more broadly
they're so verbose and they're so dorky like can somebody fix the problem where they just like
everything they say is so dorky is that just the product of being average like when you average
out all of human history is just dorky yeah it really makes you think about the concept of taste
and what it means because fundamentally this thing is showing us that the average can never be
tasteful but it makes you wonder are there people that yes like the way chat gpt sounds is there
anyone out there that's like yeah that sounds good i bet people on linkedin do i feel the type of
people that would like that would show lincoln maybe can we stream on lincoln uh we got the streaming
to twitter for yeah we can't age and stream on lincoln oh it's really a thing yeah you stream to
lincoln i was really just being stupid but we can actually stream live to lincoln okay next podcast
in the new year we're streaming to lincoln i can't wait that's builder linkedin audience over the
next yes two months and then we'll drop and then we're streaming yes oh we will not we will not fit
in especially in a live setting but we're gonna try if there were if there's such a thing is good
taste that implies bad taste yes people who have bad taste still prefer they still like appreciate
good things right they're just not capable of like yes making it themselves conceptualizing it
yeah so i feel like someone that's a good point you know what i mean like i feel like everyone the
masses can understand when like a big paragraph just sounds dorky and dumb and like nobody talks
like that i feel like everyone can appreciate that but only so many people can write good right
well here's here's the thing with chat gpt though like you can tell it to respond in the style of
x and x could be something that you feel if you ever gotten it to be like something you would want
to like post send your name or something uh i haven't used it for this purpose but so lizz is
on us a bunch where she needed to do a bunch of copywriting like brand copywriting and she
identified a brand whose voice she likes a lot and then she really wrote like write this in the style
of you know the brand and it's not getting nailed it but it did enough where she could like take it the
last ten percent and ended up with a good result okay so yeah you still need people kind of creating
that so you can like say like copy them but it is funny because now anyone can have it like those
people would have hadn't been hired yeah before to do that but now they put it out there it's uh
you can emulate it pretty easily so yeah like it's kind of weird like can i just tell chat gpt
to always talk like x person that i like no matter what it's answering but that might solve it i
guess if they're a public enough figure and they've they've put out enough stuff on the internet then
huh i'm gonna see if it can do the primogen can i just respond to everything like the primogen
is that what you want is that what you're uh no is that what your ideal communication
oh i'm i'm too dorky to be the primogen no not as yourself i mean to interact with it's not like i
want to sound like this person it's like when i get answers from chat jbt yeah so i guess i'm not
thinking about like how it responds to me and i have to endure reading the dorky text it's more like
i'm generally using it trying to create like generating stuff like website copy or i don't know
just like a response to somebody like if you're ever trying to create stuff that you would send
somebody or put into something it's just it sounds so like i would never use those words but that's
why this job of this taste job hasn't gone away like you now need to go and curate you have decent
taste you want you need to curate things that match what you think is good taste and then give
that to chat gpt and have it feed that to chat gpt okay and now that the context window has
is the increased context window the gpt4 turbo stuff made into chat gpt or not i don't think so i
think it's only the api right now interesting they're curating that stuff is still going to be
important i guess the the style that it speaks to me doesn't bother me the verbosity does and it
always like puts so much pressure on like coming up with something else to say it like i have to come
up with another follow-up question i want to just be more chill i want to like say half as much
and then just be like i'll be here if you need me and then i can just thank you for what you know
i mean it's always like i know you mean it's like all the time we're like all right what's next what's
next you would like to dive into like i don't have anything else yeah i hate that yeah i feel like
with the right system prompt you can probably get it have you played with the system prompts i i
kind of know what they are it's like chat gpt don't people do a lot with them i i i haven't done much
with it i've done a few things that annoy me like i i make sure it knows i'm like a technical
person so that when it gives me answers it doesn't need to like explain what a computer is you know
it's yeah yeah you can just tell me the end answer for those who don't know the system prompt is sort
of like you are a lab assistant at stanford and you're going to like that stuff right that's the
system prompt for now like we're telling it what it is and what it should how it should also like
your preferences like i prefer like i am a software engineer i prefer brief answers like
show me code examples instead of explaining like you can just like any like annoyance you have
you can just throw in there ultimately all it's doing is like copy pacing that back into the
top of the oh every single one of your problem effectively sort of i only want yaml yeah exactly
like the list of languages that you typically use like oftentimes i ask it cdk questions and it
gives me python cdk mmm like nobody wants python cdk go only please go
why is the cdk in multiple languages i wish i wish we had stats on the distribution
yeah there's no way to get that is there we just went a lot of different places at a very short
amount of time i know the chapters in our podcast are hilarious well hey there's something that
the new context window could help with oh yeah we can just throw the whole thing in there and we
can say hey coach us tell us how we should stay on one topic what should i have topic what should
our topic have been this episode what should we have spent more time it'll stay linked in like you
should have dove more into the intricacies of professional manner behavior on linkedin
we still have to do a fully ai version of our fully ai episode all right i so i have access to a
thing that looks pretty good in terms of creating ai videos if you had it too we could make like
we could just like type out a podcast or have chat gbc create one yeah yeah exactly it's not
in the new context okay we're doing this we take all of our previous podcast whatever fits in
128 000 tokens and we feed it in and we say this is gonna cost like 20 dollars isn't it we feed it
in and we say write a whole new podcast episode 60 minutes please and then we take that and we dump
it into the video thing and we make this is gonna be great have you seen the hacker news automatically
generated podcasts no okay so they generate like a not joking one yeah so i think it's a company
that company there's a company behind it it's like a new company i think it might be a yc company
they are like trying to build tools to build ai podcast and to demo their stuff they do like a
daily hacker news podcast it's very it's surprisingly good like it has all like that podcast music and
like the different transitions and everything yeah and yeah it's just it's just an ai voice
describing like some of the top things uh like summarizing what was in the article talking about
the debates that happened in the comments and it sounds pretty good like i was waiting for
something in my car the other day and i headed on i was like wow it's it's a little slow i think i
would like tune it a little bit but it's way better than i expected it's a great way to catch up on
everything interesting man are we getting into a world where there's like just all the
contents automatically made and people aren't doing anything but that's content about other
content you know yeah well what someone doesn't make the other content still what other content
like that ai podcast is content about articles people wrote and comments people wrote oh okay
yeah yeah but like i don't know could i feel like we could actually just pass in our dumb transcripts
and it could probably spit out something that looks like one of our podcast episodes
and we could just be on autopilot and we'd never show up on the mic again right yeah maybe and like
that's true if we feed it all of our transcripts and then every week we just give it a bunch of
stuff to happen on our news and on twitter like i feel like i could actually do it and then what
are we even doing anymore like what us humans listening to fake humans talk about things like
what just seems like i don't know the matrix or something we're all hooked up with our brain tubes
to the thing and i don't know there's a milestone i'm waiting for man to reach and i'm very excited
for it because i think it like it's representative of a lot of things changing at that point which is
i'm waiting for the first movie star to license their likeness oh that's kind of happened isn't it
and let a studio make a movie that they had no part in and i think we're not that far from that
i feel like that's like within ten years of technology will be cost-efficient to like do that yeah i mean
if they can already create south park episodes how hard would it be to create yeah like the voice
now like the voice generation that's like is very good and you can also it's not to be that crazy
either you can have another actor doing the acting and then just overlaying and then just
replace their face yeah yeah just a double and i mean they do that already like they're already
like 80 percent fake right like yeah exactly so much of that's not real camera footage and they've
done it with actors that have died like when prince uh was he actually says oh yeah uh huh uh
they did that with her they did that with a few people and yeah it's still definitely a little
bit uncanny valley but i can see how next couple owners it'll get there yeah so it's a point like
yeah like what what is your job as an actor it's to get famous enough that you have an audience yeah
and then from then on you can produce other movies a year if you want you know and that's what we
need more movies on netflix with the same actors yeah like it's not already impossible to sift through
the amount of movies we could watch a positive spin on this though is a good actor can play a role
that they don't have the right look for but they maybe have everything else you know how what do you
mean if i am the right person to play i don't know elon musk in some elon musk biopic i'm like
the best actor i'm like so good at acting like elon musk i can't do that because i look nothing
like him like i would never get that role so it could look like elon musk but it's you you have like
the mannerisms down or something yeah like that or like i'm just like the right person to like if
you look nothing like the person how could you be the best person but it's it's possible right but
you can look like the person and not be a good actor at all so that's true yeah okay and there's
been probably plenty of those the thing i brought up so i'm talking a lot about this exact topic
yesterday uh andy circus played golem and smegel and lord of the rings yes and that was fantastic
acting and he's done that a bunch of times he played uh uh like the chimp in the kind of day it's
really an amazing job but he had the mannerisms of like a non-human creature so people can do it
interest and he didn't have to look like those things at all and we've kind of already done that
but now doing it with like other real people huh yeah there's actually a movie about this concept
too there's a movie where like it's about the future where uh what an actress licenses ourselves yeah are
you serious is this oh okay good movie my brain hurts i don't know where we're headed
tomorrow i want to use your likeness and make content that would be fun please do i'd love to not
make content for a bit that'd be great it won't be content you like oh well can't be beggars can't
be choosers right yeah well this is it's like a goodbye i know i'm not gonna talk to you till next
year stop it no that's the thing i told you we have to still get on the phone or just i gonna record
it and i'm not going to you for not promoting it i don't want to talk to you unless it's being
recorded because i don't know what you're going to say to me i'm not going to feel safe unless it's
being streamed in real time oh man to several people streamed on linkedin specifically to several
people yeah but yeah this is a goodbye well i do have i do have to pee and as far as everyone knows
i'll be peeing until the new year they don't know that i'll ever stop peeing because they're gonna
hear i had to go pee i'm gonna leave to pee and the next thing you'll hear is sometime in january you
might not i mean you might never come back coming back in january might not they might just think i
died i'm saying you might not come back yeah what there's no guarantees in life that's true we might
just replace me with an ai adam i'm not dropping it forever we'll be back when there'd be a crazy
ending though what what would be the ending it would be a crazy ending to the whole series if the
last thing we're saying is like we're gonna come back and then we just never come but that not that
crazy that seems very plausible to me it does look very the most likely outcome if i do replace you
i'm gonna pick i have to pick someone that would like really enrage you that would like really
annoy you i don't know who that person would be yet but that would definitely be my angle i think of
somebody that that fits the bill but would be funny and i won't feel like they're gonna hear
it and be offended can't think of anybody i got not very good at spotlight i think about it thought
there was that there was the line earlier in the podcast what was it i just don't have many ideas
i just don't have many ideas i just don't have many ideas i think it's a day i just don't have
any ideas let's sign off with that all right we'll see you next yeah